feat(api)!: migrate to industry standard auth provider (#73)
Tasktix/Tasktix: docs/auth.md

# Authentication and Authorization

> The Tasktix project uses [Better-Auth](https://www.better-auth.com/) to provide authentication services for the application. BetterAuth was chosen over supabase or other alternatives because our database was setup as mysql, and additionaly migrating to postgres was deemed unnecessary. Better-Auth natively supports oauth and two factor which are left as future updates.   

Reviewer: Could you please correct the capitalization of "Supabase", "MySQL", "OAuth", etc?

>[!CAUTION]

> > Pulling up a previous Tasktix version to adopt Better-Auth includes breaking database changes, and will result in loss of User Accounts. This can be manually remediated by peforming the steps in the Database Updates section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
>
> Pulling up a previous Tasktix version to adopt Better-Auth includes breaking database changes that require manual resolution. It also contains unavoidable password hashing changes and will result users losing the ability to sign in with their current account.
```
